ISPN-14213: Add a statement why we provide no performance numbers (#10380)
infinispan/infinispan: documentation/src/main/asciidoc/stories/assembly_deployment_planning.adoc

* Determine what type of clustered cache mode best suits your use case and requirements.
* Understand performance trade-offs and considerations for {brandname} capabilities that provide fault tolerance and consistency guarantees.

[IMPORTANT]
====
{brandname} includes many configurable use cases to meet its cross-product capabilities, so determining a formula for performance metrics that covers all use cases is not possible. Additionally, consider the following inter-related factors that apply to {brandname}:

* A cloud environment’s available CPU and memory resources
* Querying capabilities
* Entries per cache
* Peak load and throughput limitations
* Size of cache entries

The previous listed factors can lead to an uncountable combinations of settings. Some of these settings are listed as follows:

* Number of entries per cache
* Size of entries
* Caches used in parallel
* Throughput
* Peak load
* Get, put, query balancing 
* Power of the environment, such as memory, CPU, or the settings if running in a cloud environment.

>  Each setting has its own performance penalties, especially when combined with other settings. For this reason, measuring  all combinations is not possible.

Author: Thanks for the honest feedback. I updated the content to state:

> The previous listed factors can lead to an uncountable combination of performance limitations that makes determining performance metrics for calculating optimum system configuration and workload thresholds difficult. 

WDYT?

//Downstream content
ifdef::downstream[]

> {RedHat} cannot publish a performance calculation that can meet all {brandname}’s use cases. The _{brandname} Deployment Planning and Sizing Guide_ details many use cases and architectures that you can analyze to determine your {brandname} configuration requirements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Given the number of different combinations and unknown external factores, it is not possible to provide a performance calculation that meets all {brandname} use cases.
The purpose of this document, rather, is to provide details about use cases and architectures to help you determine requirements for your {brandname} deployment.
```

> endif::downstream[]

Reviewer: I'd remove the downstream conditional here. That statement applies to community too.
